While KPIs help a product manager know if our product and features are succeeding,
user funnel analysis tracks the step-by-step use of a product
to look for areas of drop off where our product or feature can be improved.
For example, product managers use
funnel analysis to track potential users from visiting a website,
to viewing products, to creating an account and see
at what points users drop out on the way to becoming customers.
By identifying step-by-step all the actions users take to achieve a goal,
such as creating an account,
we can analyze user data to see which steps are prone to drop off.
Using funnel analysis, we learn where we need to improve our product further.